When you're a kid, you're taught to put stuff in the trash - then it regularly disappears.
Then you find out the existence of trash bags, and taking out the trash.
You see garbage trucks collecting trash off the street,
but you don't realize it's also what happens to your trash,
not until one day you see your super dragging huge bins through the service entrance and putting them on the curb.

Trash is a very fluid concept.
There is definitely too much of it.
A lot at the industrial level, but also at individuals'scale.

How do you measure it - attribute the responsibilities ? It's always the others'fault.
And individual buying anything justifies the production of it:
factories, manpower, energy production, materials, marketting ...
For every participant in this chain of production:
"je pollue, donc je suis"
this participant doesn't think, it received orders and fills the orders - externalities are externalities.
Maybe that's another topics?

Producing garbage is the easiest thing - it's performative:
"Fiat trash"
I look at my old pair of shoes - I can wear them (not trash) - I can throw then in the bin (becomes trash)
I can take them out of the bin -> re-becomes non-trash, but this move barely happens.
Moving boxes, plastic covers, umbrellas, grocery bags, books, crafts.
That's why I spend so much time posting my stuff on craiglist before I move.
- Annual wide-scale trash-cycles: Christmas trees - moving (college dorms)

Recycling - single stream in local collectivities
Collection, transport, sorting.
Shipped in containers overseas to outsource sorting.
No, your tiny plastic straw will not be recycled - that's why it ends up in turtle's nose.
Putting your apple core in the recycle bin may contaminate recyclable items and turn it in regular trash.
Recycling is a business, it's goal is to sell your trash for money
not to make sure that everything that can be recycled will be recycled.
I can see Elon Musk open the can of worms and end up collecting everyone's trash.

What is in my trash? Why does my trash need to be collected ?
Local composting may happen - some people have it at home
compost collection gets overwhelmed every time there is an event in New York.
I have stacks of cardboard boxes - reuse them when I can (used to be my bedframe and most of my furniture)
Of course use platic/grocery bags as trash bags - why do you buy trash bags.
And I have watched people on Youtube melting plastic stuff into craft pens.

SimCity2000 - very realistic in terms of how difficult it is to manage a city - except for alien attacks.
And you always end up using cheat codes to get more money and build a fusion reactor.
